# Privacy Policy

xi.pe is a public pastebin service operated by Drew Streib (dtype@dtype.org). By
using this service, you acknowledge and agree to the following:

## Public Access
All content you post is publicly accessible to anyone with the relevant URL.

## Data Collection
For security purposes, we collect IP addresses when content is posted. This
information is not displayed to end users. IP addresses are retained only as long
as the posted content (7 days or as posted on the submission form). This site does
not collect identifying information otherwise, although such information may be
present in user-submitted content.

This site uses cookies for browser-resident sessions without any backend session
table storage. All cookies are signed and unencrypted. The only data stored is a
user identifier for the purpose of allowing a user to delete posts that they have
submitted. This user identifier is randomly generated and only stored along with
the post for as long as the post endures (7 days).

The code behind this site is open source and available for audit at:
https://github.com/drewstreib/xipe-go

## Cloudflare
This site uses Cloudflare as a caching and application firewall frontend. We may
use Cloudflare-injected cookies for firewall tracking purposes to assist with bot
detection and security. We may also use Cloudflare-injected javascript to separate
humans from increasingly aggressive bots that otherwise cause site stability
issues.

Any non-aggregated Cloudflare security data is kept for a maximum of 7 days.

## License Grant
You grant xi.pe and its operator a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free license to
use, display, distribute, and make available any content you post.

## User Responsibility
You are solely responsible for ensuring you have the legal right to post any
content. Do not post content you do not own or lack permission to share.

## No Warranties
xi.pe provides this service "as is" without any warranties or guarantees. We act
solely as a hosting platform for user-generated content.

## Your Rights
If you believe posted content violates your rights, email abuse@xi.pe for prompt
resolution. You have the right to request access to, correction of, or deletion of
your personal data. You may also lodge complaints with your local data protection
authority.

By using xi.pe, you accept these terms.